Danny Park: Alright. So today, we're gonna we're gonna finish out. What we started last week was, you know, the the concept and discussion around digital mindset.
Danny Park: And
Danny Park: why? That's important from a analytic perspective, right?
Danny Park: The problem being.
Danny Park: if you go back to the first slide, the problem being that that's a problem. The fact that matter is business analytics has 2 layers.
Danny Park: And to be really good in business analytics, right? For an organization to be very good in business analytics. They need
Danny Park: team members who are very strong in the business analysis, layer meaning.
Danny Park: the business experience, right, the industry, experience, the the the wisdom and knowledge they collected over years of practicing
Danny Park: within that industry and speaking with many partners and many stakeholders.
Danny Park: And they also need a data analytic layer. Right?
Danny Park: The you know, meaning the organization needs to have a function where they have not only team members are really good, and and, you know, doing statistics, but
Danny Park: having a good understanding of, based on the business
Danny Park: facts.
Danny Park: to know which data analytic technique to bring in. to provide the best answers in that moment of time.
Danny Park: to be able to move through the business analytics cycle
Danny Park: right? And the business analytics cycle is in in high level. In general, it's really 3 phases, or we could kind of sum it up to 3 questions is, first, we have to.
We have to answer what's happening. Now.
Danny Park: then, after we figure out what's happening now to us today, meaning our organization.
Danny Park: Then we have to sort of figure out what will happen next, right by looking into the market. Looking at other other. you know, speaking to other stakeholders who share their knowledge
Danny Park: and then gathering the associated data
Danny Park: to really answer, what's gonna happen next. And so once you know
Danny Park: what's happening right now to your organization, and what will happen next in market, then you'll be able to answer, or then you should be. Then you should ask, what should we do?
Danny Park: And then you're gonna bring in, you know, the next layer of business analysis, along with its associated data analytic layer.
Danny Park: And we talked about how in the data, analytic data, analytics, right?
Danny Park: Yes, it's definitely a
Danny Park:  a skill set that we need in the in the organization. But we have to very aware of everyone in the organization understanding how they create data.
Danny Park: right? Because our analytics is as good as a data available to us.
Danny Park: and not only the the availability of that data, but the quality of it.
Danny Park: So we have to understand that when Staff are working they have to. You know, they're they're act. They're they have to that. They're creating
Danny Park: data right? But we have to make sure that that they're they're aware of a digital mindset. So they could actually create the data in a high quality way. And we talked about how digital literacy
Danny Park: is the driver
Danny Park: that helps with the digital mindset.
Danny Park: right? And we talked about how digital literacy is not just about just giving people a tool and saying, Here you go
Danny Park: right. You're ready to create data.
Danny Park: right? Because we have to understand that when we create data that's impacting our organization's data lifecycle, right? And we talked about that extensively. So you know in the course so far.
Danny Park: So if we want to create high quality data that's useful. right for our data analytics that's going to pair with our business analysis. Just giving people tools is not enough
Danny Park: that we have to provide a roadmap
Danny Park: or a training methodology to help our staff go from just using the tool to understanding the purpose behind the actual tool meaning. What's the actual full capabilities? And why are we actually using in the organization?
Danny Park: And once we understand the purpose of the tool. Then we could create the specific data points that we want that we need and want to feed into our organization's data lifecycle
Danny Park: cause that did a life cycle is going to impact our data strategy which our data strategy will impact our technology strategy. Then our technology strategy will impact not only our talent strategy, but also our business strategy.
Danny Park: Right? And a lot of great examples are brought up.
Danny Park: last session
Danny Park: around digital literacy
Danny Park: and a lot of great examples. Then we talked about the difference between digitization and digitalization.
Danny Park: Right? Digitization is basically turning things that were, but that previously were not in digital format
Danny Park: into digital format. Right? Example. I mean a great example, like easy, quick example of technology that's been around forever. Right? Is your scanner. Right? You had a a piece of paper.
Danny Park: and you needed to get it into a computer, a a basically a soft, we call a soft copy meaning you want it digitized
Danny Park: right? The ones and zeros, if you will.
Danny Park: Right? So you just basically put it in in that scanner that the machine scans it and then would give you, you know, the file back. Then it was just like
Danny Park: like a static, like Pdf, file like I'm aging myself like it wasn't even. Pdf, I think it was like a text file, whatever it was a dot txt.
Danny Park: But now we have scanners that give us multiple different
Danny Park: file formats. Right? The advanced ones, actually turning it into like expell spreadsheet spreadsheets.
Danny Park: So digitize that that's what digitization is by turning things into the digital format. And once you're turning things or getting things in digital format.
Danny Park: Right? Then, you could really start a digitalization in a more broader sense, meaning you could start building processes and how to use digital technologies to consume what you just digitized.
Danny Park: Right? So an example would be, you know, a quick, easy example between the marriage of digitization. And then digitalization is you're taking that that piece of paper. You're scanning it.
Danny Park: You're going to make the scanner turn it into a a spreadsheet format. Then you're going to go ahead and pull that into your Excel work paper, and then you're going to start doing some process
Danny Park: right? So before, without the without the marriage between digitization digitalization. Let's say you want to like, do calculations right back, then you would actually do it on that piece of paper
Danny Park: right? And make notes on it, and then file it in your large file cabinets, right for those who are old enough to remember those giant file cabinets, and you have to go back and figure out where you've you know where the client file was and where the calculations are, and you're manually doing it. Everything
Danny Park: right? So in in our digital digital age, we're just doing all that in excel spreadsheets, right? The same calculations. And we've automated it to a degree. Right? Some functions. If functions lookups, some macros.
Danny Park: Right?
Danny Park: So we've automated calculations. And the only way we're able to do that create that efficiency
Danny Park: is through these 2 concepts the marriage between the 2
Danny Park: right? And you can see how there's limitations if you have a lot lot of digitization or in your organization. But you don't have a lot lot of digitalization like, okay, you just you. You have a lot of, you know, files saved in a server. But you're not doing any processing. You're not analyzing it
Danny Park: right on the flip side. If you have a lot of digitalization processing technologies available to you
Danny Park: and staff. But you don't have the data meaning you didn't digitize much.
Danny Park: So you have nothing to analyze.
Danny Park: Right? So these 2 things are very important. And the the the big, the big takeaway for us, I guess, taking, you know, putting taking our Mba hats off and putting our career hats on is.
Danny Park: where are you today?
And digital literacy.
Danny Park: meaning how much actual, useful data
Danny Park: are you creating for your organization? And that's nothing that's in that question for the answer. It's a rhetorical question for all, all of us to kind of ponder.
Danny Park: Okay? Because in the new age with AI, what AI is, basically, you know, AI gen AI, generative AI,
Danny Park: what what generative AI is is their digitalize. It's a digitalization effort. But closer to how humans will create content.
Danny Park: Right? Like Gen. AI, we have several different platforms out right now where they could turn text into a beautiful painting.
Danny Park: Right? It's generative. It's generating new content or creating something new. based on a given data set
Danny Park: right. So Gen. AI is very digitally literate
Danny Park: because they're creating new valuable things for us.
Danny Park: Right? So if we, if we think about the analogy right, think of a painter like a you know, like a Van Gogh. So while Van Gogh, what his mind did was.
Danny Park: he took all of his experiences in life through his 5 senses, his smell, his touch, his taste, everything got inspiration. Analyze it in his mind, and he said.
Danny Park: Here is a scenario I want to paint. and through his.
Danny Park: you know, expression right through the to the through, the analytical coordination of his mind and his body, his painting, his painting.
Danny Park: So he created. Content like that stuff didn't come from any, didn't come from like poof out of the clouds. That's his interpretation of the world. And it was really great, because he's a very famous painter who will probably live on forever as long as a human species is is around. We will know Van Gogh.
Danny Park: So that's what generative AI generative AI is doing. It's is this digitalization.
Danny Park: Again, it's digitalizing closer to how humans can do it.
Danny Park: So if we think just 5 or 6 years ago. Most of the digitalization technologies that we had in business analytics.
Danny Park: right, was not as advanced as Jane AI. There were. There were no, Van Gogh's out there. There's no system that can be like a Van Gogh.
Danny Park: They could take a data set
Danny Park: draw in the context of what humans would like. and then create a painting that might sell and market
Danny Park: for a good decent amount of money.
Danny Park: right? Painting, meaning a digital painting. I'm not talking about like a machine that paints. Sorry I should talk. I should backtrack right?
Danny Park: So digitization and digitalization, they're going to go hand in hand. Right? So, Jen AI. What Jane AI is doing is, think about it. It's creating new content
Danny Park: that we value right if you go here. So it's adding more to our data set pool.
Danny Park: And then we're going to keep. It's going to keep making itself literate, as it, you know, even more literate or more valuable as it goes along, that's all. That's the that's that's the idea. That's the hope.
Danny Park: right? The ideal.
Danny Park: So for us when we talk about this illiteracy. So the question is, how do we, as business analysts. safeguard our value proposition against generative AI
Danny Park: right generative? AI, since it's mimicking the way humans
Danny Park: should or might create
Danny Park: content
Danny Park: if it gets better than us.
Danny Park: right, it's going to out-compete us.
Danny Park: right? So that that example I gave about it being at the
Danny Park: build a really great digital painting. Well, if you're in marketing
Danny Park: and you are a designer. right? Marketing campaign designer. Right? So what they do is they do like what Van Gogh does right. They. They take data sets from customers. They analyze it.
Danny Park: They do analysis, analyze, and they bring. They get their inspiration from. You know, they're very artistic, right? Some are. Some are actually have, like creative creative backgrounds, like painting or art. Right? So they bring in that inspiration along with the data analytic
Danny Park: skills that they have, they come together and they bring forth a visual marketing campaign.
Danny Park: I well, Jane AI is can do the same thing. So if you are a digital marketer, you have to ask yourself, Okay.
Danny Park: what do I need to do from a digital literacy perspective to to stay at least
Danny Park: as good as Gen. AI. Or how can I contribute to making Gen. AI better?
Danny Park: And this space so that was, those would be my 2 ways of thinking about how I could safeguard my career if I were to choose to stay in my scope, my lane.
Danny Park: and not have to transform myself too much and stay competitive against Gen. AI,
Danny Park: right? So that marketing analytic, that's a business analytic role.
Danny Park: Alright. So I just wanted to give that example for all the business analysts in the room. So we all are right. We all are business analysts to a degree like that's that's a skill set that we have to carry forward as you grow in our careers. So it's very important as business analysts
Danny Park: to not to forget the digital part right? And that was a whole takeaway from
Danny Park: from from these 2, from these 2 slides is that
Danny Park: most business analytic courses.
Danny Park: They just they, they focus too much on the data, but not on all the other things that are important to make us stay competitive in the world of analytics. Because we have all these technologies out today that could actually do analytics for us.
Danny Park: Alright. Then we talked about how there's some industries that are sort of falling behind versus some that have really ahead the curve when it comes to digit digit tisation.
Danny Park: Okay, this is not talk about digitalization.
Danny Park: So from a digitization perspective meaning they were, they're going from traditional paper
Danny Park: and speaking
Danny Park: right? So data that's not captured in in in ones and zeros, right in digital format.
Danny Park: And they moved into have moved well into being more digital.
Danny Park: right? And then you see professional services out there, you see financial and insurance, and you see some of the ones that we expect like construction and agricultural agricultural hunting. And when we see the red, we talked about how it's not about criticizing how bad they are from a business analyst perspective. That's opportunity for us.
Danny Park: right? And we also kind of I didn't really mention too deeply. We talked about how I know the Mba programs.
Danny Park: business analysts or the business analytic.
Danny Park: major or focus it tends to. Only they only tend to feed financial services to us in the and Mba programs, right like, especially in New York City like when I talk to students, I never hear anyone talk to me about. They want to go into real estate, or mining, or education, or government or healthcare.
Danny Park: where I'm in my mind, I'm like those are very lucrative. Industries, like oil and gas, is very lucrative.
Danny Park: Oil and gas executives make tons of money. Some make more than financial services.
Danny Park: Okay, so this is meant to show as MB. As we graduate like, you know, what? Don't think, that the business world only includes banking
Danny Park: and finance, or accounting like, but I mean as an industry.
Danny Park: those same finance, accounting, and business analytics. Skill sets those apply to all these industries, and I'll be like Whoa! Look, look at construction!
Danny Park: Let me look at the the biggest construction companies in New York City. There's a lot of money. My my father's in construction. So I know there's a lot of money in construction. There's a tons of money in construction. but no one's actually talking to them about digitization.
Danny Park: and how that could enhance their analytics. I feel I will be a good opportunity for someone as with an Mba in this stuff, taking the BA. Track. and from from Barook to nominate themselves as a lead BA. For some construction company
Danny Park: and work on how to bring in digitization.
Danny Park: then layer in digitalization.
Danny Park: So she or she or he
Danny Park: can create
Danny Park: the business analytic function for that construction company
Danny Park: so they could execute the life cycle of business analytics.
Danny Park: So this is how this all ties together, right from a career perspective.
Danny Park: And I hope I hope that's helpful. So I'll send them a last we talked about this digital, how many companies.
Danny Park: even though they're here right? Even though they are, let's say, in the green.
Danny Park: they're very digitized.
Danny Park: They confuse digitization with with
Danny Park: digital transformation. So now.
Danny Park: getting things that used to be not in digital format into digital format is not, you're not digitally transforming anything. He's just digitizing
Danny Park: digital transformation right? Using a description. Here is a series of deep, coordinated cultural workforce. Related technology shifts that enable new educational and operating models and transform an institutions, strategic direction and value proposition right? And we talked about how you know the example of Mckinsey. You know, they're in a a management consulting. They're they're deploying physical teams inside clients
Danny Park: to do some type of strategy work.
Danny Park: So if one day this is they decided that, hey? You know what
Danny Park: we can't find enough people anymore who are who are meeting client standards. Or we're so we're too pricey.
Danny Park: Right? What's in what? How can we digitally transform our entire business operating model and and and doing some business analysis. We said that they're the leaders in the thought knowledge area of all things business. I mean. They touch every industry. It has a Mckinsey name on it. People pay attention to the to the white papers.
Danny Park: So what if they're able to digitize all of that knowledge within Mckinsey
Danny Park: do digitalization, meaning build the processes and technologies to deliver on
Danny Park: right that type of digitization and the analytic ability right layer in some AI mechanism that people can consume, and instead of going to clients, they just sell that to other consultancies.
Danny Park: and then the other consultancies with their lessons learned, they feed back into the Mckinsey model, making Mckinsey's model smarter
Danny Park: or meaning, they create more value.
Danny Park: So that would be digital transformation.
Danny Park: So even as takeaways for everyone here as Mbas. Right
Danny Park: from a top 50 Mba program. Now. who will be recognized in market
Danny Park: right? Even if you go. You know what I'm not really interested in oil and gas, Danny, that's boring. I actually want to go stay in
Danny Park: financial services or insurance. You know what we know as what I. We understand the Mba some and Mba programs as being an Mba right
Danny Park: being a banking professional.
Danny Park: So I want to dive in there. And my role. I want my role to be able to bring on digital transformation.
Danny Park: Okay, so layer in the digitization and digitalization
Danny Park: have it marry together
Danny Park: to transform the way we work our business model and even our brand.
Danny Park: Alright. So I'll start. So I was like a a quick sum of what we covered last time, and I'll then we'll finish out the rest of the slide, Dick. But any questions on what we what I covered so far
Danny Park: alright, if not, let me keep going.
Danny Park: So then, this is where
Danny Park: this slide is just talking about the automation. Continue right? And this is a, this is a very important concept to bring in
Danny Park: because actually, not many, not many business leaders, executives actually have this in mind. Right? So
Danny Park: when we look at the automation continuum
Danny Park: within an organization
Danny Park: who has digitized. So the the premise or the or the the important fact of this slide is that we let's assume
Danny Park: that that the organization has
Danny Park: done excellent digitized digital digitization. So they they create a lot of digital.
Danny Park: They created a lot of data knowledge in digital format. Right? Things that were in paper now is in. Now it's in digital format.
Danny Park: So now they need to bring on or bring in some automation technologies and skill sets to start processing
Danny Park: that newly digital data, right? So they have to figure out from all that digital data, what what useful information and knowledge and other value can they can they derive from it
Danny Park: right? Because you can't do it manually anymore. right? Because it's in digital format. It's obvious.
So what the automation continuum was saying is like, hey?
Danny Park: If you're in an organization that is not that has really not done any digitalization before is the first time you're doing it.
Danny Park: it will be very foolish of you to say.
Danny Park: look at all the data that we just digitized. Let's just bring in AI,
Danny Park: and let's just train an AI model
Danny Park: to get us where we need to be right to do all the analysis and everything else
Danny Park: right?
Danny Park: What would? What are some of the issues with that?
Danny Park: Anyone
Danny Park: can you have no model to learn from?
Danny Park: Great? Go ahead, Leon, go ahead.
Danny Park: I'm sorry it has no real model to learn from. Yeah, yeah, it's literally like you, you just digitize data. You need to analyze the data first, like, you need business analysts to come in and look at the data and start making their associations right and start figuring out. Hey.
Danny Park: what data sets rel relevant? Which is not what business problem do we have? You have to go through all the rigor before you start
Danny Park: treating AI as like a solution.
Danny Park: right? So
Danny Park: absolutely hit the nail on the head. And that's that's some of this, the pro. So I'll give like a actual chat. Gpt. Issue, right? I think we talked about before. I kind of bring it back is that
Danny Park: if your staff
Danny Park: or your organization has never really implemented technologies to do digitalization and going through the rigors to understand
Danny Park: the purpose behind a particular tool
Danny Park: that you bring in. Then how would they ever know
Danny Park: what or how to use? Chat? Gp, for example.
Danny Park: right? Because
Danny Park: Chat GPT. For it to be very useful for you
Danny Park: you have. You had to be able to prompt it right? So anyone know, like anyone want to talk about what prompting means.
Danny Park: Anyone like when we say, Hey, we use chat. Gpt. they say you have to prompt it correctly.
Li Zheng: Oh, you you give it like you give it a question right like that's why it happened.
Danny Park: Great. Yeah, yeah, yeah, exactly. Yeah, yeah, it is. But let's let's get. Now, let's think like business analysts. Right? Let's think like, Mbas, right
Danny Park: is.
Danny Park: are all questions of equal value?
Li Zheng: No, not really. You could. Yeah. Go ahead. Why sorry? Is the cloud blue? Right? And you could restructured the question be, why is the cloud
Danny Park: exactly
Danny Park: so? What they mean by prompt great Leonard Lee? Thank you for your contribution, because you guys are hitting nail on the head. So what prompting means is
Danny Park: you'll have, since it's the way it learned. it's learning off very large
Danny Park: data sets and layering in different types of algorithms and models of learning.
Danny Park: right, large language models unsupervised and supervised. And and and also it's using
Danny Park: and not only nlp, but nlu, so natural language, understanding right? A a next. The next generation of Nlp tech. Right? So let's think about it.
Danny Park: And let's use a human example right to understand what prompting means.
Danny Park: So let's say I am a I work I will. I work at Peterborough, so I work at Pwc. As I have an intern, so intern comes to me right?
Danny Park: The intern is a intelligent system.
Danny Park: All humans are intelligent systems, however right
Danny Park: the capacity or capability of our intelligence system. It depends on multiple factors.
Danny Park: Right? So that intern.
Danny Park: If you were to say academically, let's say intern graduate from Harvard. Right? And
Danny Park: I graduated from Baruch. Right?
Danny Park: Academic knowledge wise we're equal. Yes, II said it. We're we're equal to Harvard. Goddammit. All right. We're we're equal.
Danny Park: however, because my system
Danny Park: meaning my brain
Danny Park: right, that the the ultimate CPU and intelligence that exists on this planet.
Danny Park: It's it has the capability to do more. Because I have actual wisdom.
Danny Park: meaning context. You need context to take knowledge, turn it into wisdom. Right? So. But other people call it intuition, or whatever you want to call it.
Danny Park: So there's gonna be a limitation to.
Danny Park: but the intern can understand.
Danny Park: So if I were to tell the intern, hey, I need you to go research the tax code, alpha blah blah blah blah, and then do a regressive analysis on the data sets of the finance industry. Who takes, you know, Rick.
Danny Park: Rick
Danny Park: credits and provide for me, which client should go after in proposals.
Danny Park: right? The intern. So I just prompted the intern.
Danny Park: Right? What is the intern going to do
Danny Park: anyone? It's obvious you guys just yell it like you. Just it's what's the intern going to do
Aidan(Hun Seok) Choi: following TV?
Leslie Vides: Follow your shoes.
Danny Park: The Intro probably quit. It's not gonna understand.
Danny Park: It's gonna go. What tax code, what? What cause? He's an intern, just new brand, new, just academic background has no understanding of anything else. Right?
Danny Park: So the answers I'm going to get, or even its behavior, or his or her behavior is, is not going to be the exact, most efficient one.
Danny Park: What if I pose that same question that prompt
Danny Park: to a manager in my group.
Danny Park: what would the response that I get? The response would be of
Danny Park: of greater efficiency, higher quality, more actionable. Okay, so that's one example of how
Danny Park: prompting a given system we have to understand the system before we know how to prompt.
Danny Park: Now let's slip this.
Danny Park: Now let's flip the script. And the reason why I'm saying, because there are different types of
Danny Park: Gen. AI out there. By the way.
Danny Park: okay, not all are equal.
Danny Park: So now let's flip the script.
Danny Park: Let's say that
Danny Park: I'm prompting.
Danny Park:  let's see a director, a director of product of of project management.
and I'm not a. I have no idea
Danny Park: what project management is. I'm actually here to learn from the director. Right? This human system.
Danny Park: right? Pmp, acp, lean, sick background ton of experience like a lot in there, lot in her mind. She's got so much wisdom and knowledge. It's like it's all in there
Danny Park: right, and I'm an I'm novice. I don't know what the hell I'm talking about. Right? And I go. And I actually need a project plan.
Danny Park: Right?
Danny Park: So I prompt this director and say, Hey, hey! Hey! Susan.
Danny Park: can you give me a project plan
Danny Park: for a tax deliverable due on the 20 third of March?
Danny Park: What would that director say. as a response
Leonard (Wess): to probably ask you, How do you want the deliverable? No, it would. It would ask you a bunch of other questions. Right? Cause to to this person
Danny Park: with so much knowledge in project management is, gonna say, Hey, like, what do you like? Okay, you just gave me a date like, what is the requirements? Who are your team members who are your dependent stakeholders, who are so like?
Danny Park: She will probably give me an answer, but because I prompt it as such a high novice way. She'll probably give me a equally high, level answer, because in her mind she's gonna go. Wow! That that question was so high level I don't know how to answer it. I want to be helpful. The only option I have right now is either ask another question, or I'm gonna provide an answer. That's so, general
Danny Park: that hopefully, Danny can take something from there or have another question
Danny Park: to get me to where I need to be
Danny Park: right.
Danny Park: So very inefficient way of prompting a very, very sophisticated AI tool or A AI system
Danny Park: on
Danny Park: other scenario is, let's say, I'm equally as competent as
Danny Park: as Susan is in project management.
Danny Park: Right? And I need. I'm gonna ask a question. And I ask her, Hey, Susan, I have a
Danny Park: I have an issue with my project management plan
Danny Park: and the due dates, and 20 third, and the stakeholders are the international task practice, and they are combined with 4 multinationals.
And I have a problem.
Danny Park: With the knowledge area of integration management. I'll know exactly what tool to use to make sure that all my stakeholders are, are informed
Danny Park: as as closely as possible, so we could all work. They are seamlessly with handoffs.
Danny Park: How would Susan respond to that question
Danny Park: right? She would give me a better specific answer. That's useful for me. Because I really told her within the context of my problem, I'm asking for a specific gap.
Danny Park: And I referenced a knowledge group in the P. Mi. Handbook.
Danny Park: a knowledge area asking which technique or tool do I use? Which process, group or tool do I use which a knowledge area knowledge area integration management to help my stakeholder stay aligned during the project.
Danny Park: So then she's gonna give me she go? Boom! And then I'm going to trigger the exact place in her data set in her mind. And then she's gonna tell me her wisdom related to that specific thing.
Danny Park: So I get their solution a lot faster.
Danny Park: So that's prompting.
Danny Park: I can. You guys still hear me?
Danny Park: I thought, I just I lost my mic. So when we talk about prompting, we see how we we prompt in human life. Like we work, we prompt each other all the time.
Danny Park: but we tend to speak past one another because we don't understand our own intelligence, like we don't understand our level of knowledge
Danny Park: to where we are asking the right question at the right time.
Danny Park: So even with Chat G, chat, Gp, that rule of prompting, it doesn't go away because we are building that system just like our human being is supposed to behave.
Danny Park: Because that's all our technology systems. Our technology is supposed to mimic human behavior. We're trying to get it to become as close to human as possible. Better we talked about during our AI. Right?
Danny Park: So when we have Chat Gp, let's say this client wants to, says, oh, I just digitized. I'm gonna build. Bring in chat. Gp, what do you think's gonna happen? The staff are, gonna go okay and gonna ask it
Danny Park: highly general, unsophisticated, unuseful questions.
Danny Park: And they're gonna get so frustrated. Then they're going to stop using tragedypt
Danny Park: because they're like question. No, that's not what I want. Another question. That's not what I want. Another question. It's not what I want and like. Oh, this is useless.
Danny Park: I'm just going to go to Google and copy and paste.
Danny Park: or they're gonna go. Oh, that must be the right answer, based off my question, and then. or absorb it
Danny Park: when the quality of the answer they get
Danny Park: is equal to the quality of the answer provided
Danny Park: so long. Story short, you still need people knowledgeable about the topic in your organization to be able to formulate a prompt the question that's gonna create the Gen. A. I's ability
Danny Park: to get you exactly the wisdom that you're looking for.
Danny Park: right. And that's slowly becoming the role. One of the key roles of a lead business analyst
Danny Park: is.
Danny Park: how how do we bring in
Danny Park: training mechanisms to get all of our staff on A, on a standard
Danny Park: analytical sets and knowledge to where, if they're using chat Gp. they're using it efficiently and productively
Danny Park: and not mistaking
Danny Park: the wrong answer for the right answer, and then give feedback to chat. Gpt that it's actually right like you given the right answer. So Chat Gp is as good as the responses it's provided. Meaning was I good, or was I bet?
Danny Park: Right? So that's ingest what this automate in sum is what this automation continues trying to tell organizations like, Hey, you gotta figure out where you actually are
Danny Park: as an organization like, have you only been doing excel work right? Did you bring in any technologies that are a little bit more advanced in excel. to train your staff
Danny Park: on how to prompt meaning? If you, if you, if you begin to learn how systems behave against rules and code, you provide it at traditional code.
Danny Park: Right? The logic.
Danny Park: Then you begin to understand how you're supposed to be giving or pro or or structuring your questions.
Danny Park: Then, as your staff begins to get more knowledge and get a better understanding of how technology behaves
Danny Park: with the human in the loop. Then you're able to train them on how to prompt
Danny Park: these advanced tools.
Danny Park: So just like we talked about in the very beginning, just because you have a technology in your organization. Does that mean you have the capability to use it
Danny Park: right? And that's so again, like, when people. Wanna you know, when we talk about the business analyst, right? That's right here, what's happening right now. So let's say you're a business analyst role in your human capital
Danny Park: function.
Danny Park: Right? Right? I like, I said before, like everyone. And I reason why I'm using like different examples besides finance and accounting, because the role of business analyst is is pervasive. So if you're in the if you're in the human capital function
Danny Park: for one of the main, the the one of many major consultants who are building out their their own chat. Gpt.
Danny Park: you are analyzing where your current staff are when it comes to their knowledge area.
Danny Park: Okay, so very, very important
Danny Park: topic of discussion for those who are working full time.
Danny Park: Right? So I'll stop here. Any any questions, any comments, any any feedback.
Danny Park: Anyone want to share any stories?
Erania Johnson (EJ): Oh, all good. Alright, no worries. Yeah. But I do think it is very interesting that you know.
Erania Johnson (EJ): people that are using. AI are looking at it as a shortcut. But, like you said, you have to have the intelligence to make sure you're asking, or prompting AI to give you the actual results that you're looking for.
Danny Park: No, absolutely. No, I'm I'm glad you brought that up and use the word shortcut. No, you're exactly right.
Danny Park: like a lot of a lot of clients. When when Chat Gp first came out, they literally were saying, Oh, my God, this is a shortcut we could we could like, we could reduce headcount.
Everyone who knew
Danny Park: the importance of digitalization meaning the pros. Not only the technology, but the processes around using advanced tech
Danny Park: were like, no, the last thing you want is to reduce headcount
Danny Park: cause. You have no idea where your knowledge sits in your organization. You might have a clue. But you really don't know.
Danny Park: cause no one actually does that exercise
Danny Park: right? And that's what they hire consultants. But are we the most knowledgeable? Not really, sometimes most of my, but funny, not fun. Fact. Just real fact is.
Danny Park: I would say, about half my engagements on the strategy, like any type of consulting, I did
Danny Park: our conclusion.
Danny Park: The the staff already got to that same conclusion.
Danny Park: which is very which is, I was like, very like Whoa! Why, why is this happening. But the knowledge was there.
Danny Park: But there was no analytic function to tell executives. You have knowledge
Danny Park: in your organization. You don't need to outsource it
Danny Park: right. It's very. It was a very eye opening moment for me, like just the the
Danny Park: how business analytics, how, if you have that function doesn't exist in certain departments, how you could actually make really, really wrong misjudgments.
Danny Park: Alright, so great example it's and it's not a shortcut. So what what is? How is it. How is it related to everyone is in this, in this room.
Danny Park: that mass amount of opportunity.
Danny Park: right? The business, analytical role. Not only would do that right meaning, prompting
Danny Park: being in the loop of making a intelligent system even smarter. So as a business analytic function as humans are prompting it.
Danny Park: responding to it. You would analyze the efficiency, effectiveness of the actual feedback given by the users.
Danny Park: Right? It's not just for data science anymore, like, there's so many different roles for business analysts.
Danny Park: Anything anyone else, anyone else, wanna share any, maybe concerns they have around what AI means to their careers.
Donald Rada: I just have a story, Professor. So, being a teacher, we're required to write our weekly lesson plans. and it's one of the heavy loads that we have to do. And because of how busy we get. I've actually been using Magic School AI to kind of like, Get me started with writing my lesson plans. And it really helps a lot
Danny Park: awesome. But that's because you're a like. Your experience
Danny Park: is prompting it the right way. So
Danny Park: and II and I wanna kind of piggyback. What you just said and what Eugenia said before is. it's a shortcut, in a sense that
Danny Park: if you have the right knowledge set or not right knowledge based in your organization. And you're letting them deploy.
Danny Park: chat, chat, GPT. Or Gen. AI.
Danny Park: Their area of expertise. Then you would definitely get quote unquote shortcuts. But we don't really call that shortcut. We call that
Danny Park: enhance productivity.
Danny Park: But let's say you would have someone who's not a teacher. Let's say, let's say they say you know what
Danny Park: teachers are expensive, which is not true. I think teachers should get paid triple the amount of they get.
Danny Park: But let's, I'm just hypothetical. Let's say, let's say, goes, our teachers are ex expensive. Let's outsource this. Let's let's give it to a team in Ukraine, and they say that Jennai experts who guys tell them, create us a curriculum like who would trust that curriculum
Danny Park: right? Because a curriculum, especially in the United States, depending on geography and and jurisdiction you're in is very customized and specific.
Danny Park: and then public versus private. And then where the funding comes from, and all this other stuff.
Danny Park: right? What network you're in like, Cuny, like Cuny, is different than Sunni is, if and then Columbia.
Danny Park: right? How they want their curriculums built. And what needs to be in the learning object is everything else right? So very fascinating.
Danny Park: how
Danny Park: fascinating, how much opportunity there is for people who want to get into
Danny Park: digitalization?
Danny Park: Right?
Danny Park: So
Danny Park: that's that any other ending questions or comments or stories people want to share?
Anup Dey: Professor, I wanted to say something. Oh, go ahead. Yeah, no, you know, I was thinking that it should not be seen as a shortcut. I feel like, that's like completely wrong way of seeing this. I feel like it should be taken as like a like a tool. You know something that that helps us utilize
Anup Dey: our resources better. I feel like saying that it's a shortcut is just under selling it. It's like, you know. Would you like your siri on your iphone, for example, Professor, when it first came out. Would you say that Cv is is is a shortcut? No, I think it's it's just a tool which is helping us do things in a more efficient and faster way 100. And
Danny Park: I love that love that comment and your thought there, and I'll I'll actually use a a a real life example. I've been kind of using
Danny Park: chat gpt as a tool for for from a career perspective. So the usual question I get
Danny Park: from a lot of Mba students is, hey, Danny, like this is my experience. But I have.
Danny Park: I want to go for this role like. am I like? Am I qualified, or am I competitive right? And then I was like.
Danny Park: what what tool can I? Because I get a lot of requests? Right? So I got like, what what tool can I use or meaning? How can I use Chat Gbt to to as a tool to help more students?
Danny Park: So what I did was like, oh, you know what I was like. Hey! Send me a resume.
Danny Park: send me a resume.
Danny Park: and then I take the job description, and I tell Jack Gbt, hey, chat Gp! Read this resume. Read this in job description
Danny Park: based on the resume and the job description.
Danny Park: and all the other important considerations for this role within this industry. And I actually type in
Danny Park: whatever the job description leads to the role in this industry. provide the next
Danny Park: steps, for
Danny Park: you know the person's name on their resume as to how they can fill that gap to get competitive. And you know what Chat Gp does. It gives me literally the step by step. What is things that that the the steps be just a guide.
Danny Park: It's not, it's not, it's not accurate as a guide.
Danny Park: and I just take that guide, and I meet with the student and just go through and go, hey, what's what's what's first, I look through chat. You could teach responses to see if, like, okay? Because of what chat Tp is not gonna add in, there is the the like, the availability of resources and time of the student.
Danny Park: Right? So then, I look at it, and I go to the student, and we just kind of we gain plan and we go. Hey, what's reasonable? What's not reasonable? Or we just, you know, get creative with it
Danny Park: and brainstorm and pivot, and just come out with a you know. Next, you know a few next steps for the next 4 to 6 months
Danny Park: and see how that goes. Cat. Tp is an amazing tool
Danny Park: for all. And Mbas in my perspective.
Danny Park: So that's that's another. That's a really good, real life example of how Chat Gpg can use be as a tool for for for to solve or to help solve for some short-term to to intermediate steps.
Danny Park: Is everyone gonna go and try Gbt today and try it?
Anup Dey: Now III would. I would actually suggest people just try it and see what see what happens. Right? I know, Professor, you know it's it's like fascinating that you mentioned this cause, like, you know, another professor of ours. She was telling me that, you know. Use chat. Gbt. Get accustomed to it, cause you know, at some point in life I feel like this is going to become
Anup Dey: very important to everyone. But you know, as of right now.
Anup Dey: tentbt is not the end product. It will not give you the end product, but it will give you some indication or guidelines as to what could be.
Danny Park: Yup, the right answer, yeah. Yeah. A good solid initial approach to get us. To get us aligned on what we, what we should be doing, what we should be thinking about like, absolutely
Danny Park: and it's definitely not a solution. It's a tool for sure, like all technologies. Just just so. F, before I go into
Danny Park:  with the more hands up.
Danny Park: I just want to make sure that we understand.
Danny Park: And this is a fact. It's not like a feeling like any you ask anyone in the tech industry. This is true. You'll hear from business people who are not tech, savvy.
Danny Park: confuse it. Technology was never meant to be a
Danny Park: solution. Technologies
Danny Park: are meant to be tools
Danny Park: anytime. You try to. You try to solution.
Danny Park: Right? I mean, like, create, like, really like, say, like, I have a business problem of
Danny Park: us not being efficient with data. And you say, excel is a solution.
Danny Park: That's a big problem, because excel is not the solution. Because why? Like, we talked about just having technology is not good enough you need to bring in the capability. And how do you bring in the capability? You have to have a staff that's trained
Danny Park: right?
But I'm gonna get to the hands real quick
Chenge Tsapayi: ch chat.
Chenge Tsapayi: I wasn't asking it the right questions. And I got frustrated because it was giving me the wrong answers, yeah. So yeah, I didn't know how to ask.
Chenge Tsapayi: You know, opm questions to give me the right answer. So I ended up giving up, because every time I told it it was wrong, it would regenerate a new answer that was also wrong. So I ended up like going around in circles and waiting time on it, cause I didn't know how to instruct it
Danny Park: exactly. And then can you imagine how like you had enough wisdom to know that it was giving you wrong answers. How many people who don't know? I think that's the right answer, and actually execute on it? Right? Right? That's what's scary for businesses and for organizations that don't have a really strong business analytic function to check
Danny Park: what these AI tools tools are informing us on Lee, go ahead. Yeah. So basically what I think of Shat Gp, as is like the next evolution of what Google used to be right? Because at this point Google is no longer. A search engine is just an advertising platform at this point.
Li Zheng: So like you pretty much, it's the same like. Probably we add, we search up the same prompts as what we used to do, but instead of getting span with like 20 different ads on the first page for paid advertisers, and then reading through the documents itself, like from each of the websites. We just get a more direct answer. But the answers itself could be wrong cause it's like also pulling from the same sources. Yeah, and that's it. And then another great point is that
Danny Park: data quality has to be involved. When we think about these AI tools. Right? So we know that chat Gpt.
Danny Park: it's using lot of open source data to be trained on. Think about the Internet, like how much actual Bs is on that thing right? It's pulling from Wikipedia. For God's sake, right? And then what what happened in high school when you referenced Wikipedia.
Danny Park: or even in college, you get a big red X,
Danny Park: right? So we have to be very conscious of that, too. And that. And that's a business analytic. Again, that's another business analytic function like there, there will be the safeguards
Danny Park: to what should be added to the organization's data life cycle. Because if your if if users are saying, Oh, this DNA information is good. And they added to, let's say, a data entry. Right? So then, that's gonna add, be, that's gonna be added to your data sets for everyone here who wants to pursue business analytics as a career.
Danny Park: Right? So that means that it's going to that. It's going to be included in your data sets the data analytics function, part of your of your business analytic lifecycle. So it does definitely have a a might have a career impactful event
Danny Park: for many people in the business analytics function because their users who are not BA's might be giving you bad data, and they don't even know it, cause they're relying too much on this AI stuff
Danny Park: and thinking that oh, it's AI! It must be smarter than me when the when the first term in in in the tool is artificial.
Danny Park: right? It's not real. It's artificial. You always have to check to see if it's actually healthy for you.
michael amuev: Yeah. So I just kinda wanted to reiterate kind of what you said earlier and what Cheney said about asking it the right questions. I really learned to value that, especially when using artificial intelligence. Because it's not just the questions. It's also prompting Chad Gbt.
michael amuev: and I really realized that when I did some research, you can assign it like specific roles to wear like a specific hat.
michael amuev: And if you can give it more specific details, like, if you wanna ask it, how to learn how to give the code python. It gives you like a general instructions, but if you give it a timeline, you assign it as a role as to somebody who's has plenty of experience with it and really get to like specifics with the resources you wanna use whether you wanna watch videos read articles. If you wanna pay for instructions, or if you wanna free, if you can apply all that into the prompt
michael amuev: yeah, I learned how valuable it is to catering it to your specific needs and the questions you ask it.
Danny Park: Great wow! And that's
Danny Park: excellent. And that's gonna like, put the icing on the cake cause it relates to what I was just about to say.
Danny Park: So what what this should teach us.
Danny Park: and what Michael would, and everyone else saying is that
Danny Park: we can't forget that
Danny Park: human beings are intelligent systems, and we prompt each other all the time, too. So before an organization focus so much on learning how to prompt AI. It might make sense to really start focusing on how each of the organization team members are communicating with one another. And if they're prompting each other correctly. First.
Danny Park: because you can't say that you have a knowledge gap where things are not working, when your own staff are confused because they're not communicating well, meaning. They're not prompting each other.
Danny Park: Right? I'm not. And I'm not saying
Danny Park: the like. The the you should only ask the one question the one perfect question that that's not what I'm talking about, I'm saying. During a meeting
Danny Park: during a workshop during some collaboration. Is there actual value driven dialogue where people are are are running on like instead of like running on assumptions.
Danny Park: They're actually running on a true understanding of one another.
Danny Park: Right? And I'll give a really easy example what I mean, right? So the same intern right? And I tell this intern, hey.
Danny Park: I want. Here's the paperwork I want you to file, and I want it done today.
Danny Park: right? And the intern goes and and then is, does it? And it comes back to me at 6 Pm. And says, oh, I'm done right. And then I'm gonna go. Let's say I go wait.
Danny Park: It's late. I needed it done earlier.
Danny Park: right? What was what was a problem there.
Danny Park: And whose fault was it?
Danny Park: Anyone check? You go ahead.
Chenge Tsapayi: You didn't tell the intern the timeframe. Yeah, specifics. Exactly. So. I prompted intern completely, incorrectly.
Danny Park: But the intern didn't know enough to know. Oh, I should actually act because it's an intern like right? So interns like didn't know enough to say, Oh, today. But exactly what time do you need it?
Danny Park: So like, that's like, how many that's such that happens all the time. How many times that happen with an organization
Danny Park: all the time. So when the Executive sees things late in the Executive's mind, the executives thinking
Danny Park: the executive's thinking, everyone's communicating. Well.
Danny Park: so executive goes. This is late. Oh, must be something wrong with my knowledge like my my team. They're just not that swamp.
Danny Park: Let me go. Hire some consultant. Let me go buy some AI tool.
Danny Park: So that's what we mean when we talk about not only digital literacy, but the readiness to bring in tools cause sometimes you just don't need it.
Danny Park: cause we've been prompting everyone's wrong
Danny Park: that extends to everything in life, right? Even our even our relationships. even making reservations at a freaking restaurant. right? So the big takeaway here is that
Danny Park: if we're if, as BA's, we learn to ask the right questions at the right time to get a true understanding of what is needed
Danny Park: that will accelerate our careers, because not many people actually prompt each other. Well.
Danny Park: and you'll notice and just pay attention. Now. when you hear people who are very successful speak. you'll notice that their prompting is different.
Danny Park: The prompt but prompting is precise and specific and very inspirational.
Danny Park: And then this is someone who doesn't have that much experience. And it's the way they prompt.
Danny Park: They're impatient.
Danny Park: right? They lack details, and they run on assumptions
Danny Park: so to be elevated in the organization. The way we prompt our teams.
Danny Park: It shows immediately.
Danny Park: because not many people are doing. It
Danny Park: sounds so obvious, but
Danny Park: sometimes success just takes obvious things. Just do obvious things alright. Let's move on, cause I don't. Wanna I don't. Wanna. I don't wanna relive this slide deck
Danny Park: for another week.
Danny Park: But the rest of this stuff is pretty straightforward, right?
Danny Park: And we could read it on your own time. I'm not gonna test on slides 13 and 17 at all right. But Slide 13 and 17 is saying, Hey.
Danny Park: because prompting is so important. and learning how to prompt
Danny Park: and business analytics is important. Cause. Imagine you're a business analytic person you just ask. So you know, you ask really bad questions.
Danny Park: right? And basically getting bad responses. You, you're getting bad data. Right? So we have to. We have to treat a business analytic
Danny Park: business problem as a project to bring some organization or rigor on around it. because to ask the to ask the right question. Right? We first have to understand the problem.
Danny Park: So to understand the business problem takes that prompting of the stakeholders. Right? Right? Ask, you know, to. So we could get to the actual, true understanding of what the business problem is.
Danny Park: Then, once we understand what the business problem is and not just assumptions. The actual problem was, we spoken with people. We got down to specifics when someone says, Oh, I think and you go. Oh, wait. What do you mean by you think like, why, don't you know? Let me help you find out, and then you kinda dig deeper and don't run. Don't run on the First Level assumption that that a non Sme tells you
Danny Park: right? So then, once you understand the problem, then you can start working on what the gaps are.
Danny Park: then these gaps will turn into gathering the right requirements and looking at the additional factors.
Danny Park: and then you execute the project
Danny Park: right? So if we think about
Danny Park: how
Danny Park: how we work. Our minds work the same way. When you're when you're given a business problem, you you first start. You first start trying to frame it and guess specifically, yeah, what is the person actually talking about?
Danny Park: Right? Just like how Chat Gp would? So it it does. It's the same mechanism, same process.
Danny Park: Okay? And then when we talk about framing
Danny Park: the problem right? It's all about just defining the objectives
Danny Park: right? Asking again, like, I know I'm gonna keep repeating myself like you, you have to ask the right questions.
Danny Park: Right? The who's the what? The when? The why.
Danny Park: right? For example, when I gave that intern. You know the, the, the, the, the task right? I didn't say when
Danny Park: it was incomplete. A problem statement.
Danny Park: a problem cannot be clear if there is no who, what, when, and why?
Danny Park: I mean, that's obvious. Right? Like, just think about, though how many times in your for those who work full time. How many times do you work? And you don't really know who it's for. You don't know what you're really doing, cause you don't know who it's for. You don't. Sometimes you don't know when it's due.
Danny Park: right? Meaning you might give, be given a deadline, but there might be some group out there that actually needs to earlier.
Danny Park: right? And you don't know why you're like, why are you doing it.
Danny Park: I mean, besides the paycheck, I mean, I talk about like, why are you actually doing it like so if you if you don't know who, what, when, why, you don't have a problem.
Danny Park: So you shouldn't be approaching someone with a problem statement unless you can. No, you could answer, or you know these 4 things.
Danny Park: and if you are on the receiving end of a problem statement.
Danny Park: and you don't know who, what, when, where, and why you should be asking a prompt link for those type
Danny Park: of questions. I mean prompting those questions to get the answers. because you truly can execute efficiently
Danny Park: or effectively if you don't know these 4 things
Danny Park: right.
Danny Park: and then stakeholders everything else as usual. Just project management stuff, right?
And then
Danny Park: the last 4 4 slides here is just the different types of
Danny Park: and you know the analytic types. And we, we would have talked about this in a common early slides. Right? This is descriptive analytics, diagnostic analytics, predictive analytics. These are all the statistic things. But as a business analyst a business analyst skill set.
Danny Park: We have to have a good understanding of all the different types of analytic methods and techniques.
Danny Park: Alright, that's about it for for today. Kind of conclude this slide, we went over kind of stress, the importance of prompting and everything else and digitization digitalization. Anyone have any any other stories or comments they want to share?
Li Zheng: Professor, I was a little bit late. But did you talk about the midterm
Li Zheng: or anything? Oh, yeah, yeah, II said, I'm not two-thirds done. I'm getting. I'm you know. II got some additional one hundred's and high 90 S. Trend is looking very well, and hoping that trend continues for the last one third I'm not sure if blackboard was able to get my submission because I never received the email from them. So I sent you no great question. I actually started with this. If I didn't get your exam. If I if I didn't get your exam by the due date, you'd already had an email from.
Danny Park: So no, everyone I got everyone's exam. So no, you're welcome, Yup
Danny Park: at the end.
Dian Chen: Hi, Professor! So I was looking at the course schedule with a new updates.
Dian Chen: You are going to be one of the host, or or the case study that's going on, or or challenge. Do we have to attend that in person or no? No, no, we'll the great question. We'll have a link. So once, once, Justin, Justin, m
Danny Park: gets me the zoom link, I'll post it on blackboard and make an announcement. So you guys just just log onto the zoom and just listen in.
Danny Park: and then I'll have the deliverable
Danny Park: up on blackboard by then, too. So you know, for those who attend, you know you just, you know, finish the deliverable. It will be very quick, not too much
Danny Park: involved, but you would have to be there, obviously to to be able to do the deliverable. And you'll get
Danny Park: 10 points. I think I said. 10 points right, I think 10 points added to your final grade.
Dian Chen: Awesome. Thank you. You're welcome
Leonard (Wess): 2 points, Professor. one. I feel like
Leonard (Wess): AI is not only restructuring
Leonard (Wess): like the music and entertainment business. but it's kind of destroying it as well.
Leonard (Wess): For the people who don't use it the proper way, so like you can hear like a famous artist like a 2 Poc song. Oh, my God, yeah. But you could hear that artist like his song rap by artists that we don't know right?
Leonard (Wess): Or like, you know, artists that we don't know. Write a song and put it into pots. Voice vice versa. Oh, you're saying it? Yeah. Yeah. Oh, my God!
Leonard (Wess): Did anyone know what beyonce did?
Danny Park: She trademarked herself, her voice and everything else? That's what I heard. So where anytime you any
Danny Park: entity wants to use her voice or her likeness in any AI model, she gets a cut.
Leonard (Wess): How do you do that trade? Yeah, I gotta know. I remember hearing that I gotta. I gotta research it. Yeah, yeah, definitely. I remember someone's cause.
Danny Park: I remember that being brought up in one of the the one of the AI
Danny Park: like I went to some AI like conference.
Danny Park: It didn't bring it back article as you did, but it was like the same concept of like, it's gonna destroy some industries because it's gonna like it's it's gonna dilute
Danny Park: like, like, for example, Michael Jackson has a state
Danny Park: and like his his. IP. Like that's generating wealth for his family and future.
Danny Park: But that that's because you're you could like Michael Jackson, Michael Jackson like that's but if you can replicate that artificially.
Danny Park: and you assign lootings. Yeah. Yeah. And then you could argue that. Oh, it's not him. It's this tech.
Danny Park: We could make money. So then he, yeah, he would lose. Yeah, it's a it's a crazy, it's a it's a crazy, freaking world. It's a great, it's a it's a anyone see that new Chinese ad where the person who's doing the
Danny Park: I think she's actually doing makeup tutorial. complete. AI
Leonard (Wess): complete a I.
Danny Park: It's crazy. It's crazy, it's it's it's like. So even like in the future, social media personalities.
Danny Park: right? What would anyone have to fund a human to be a social media personality. You have all of the human. Yeah. So so, Meta. Oh, my God, we might go with over time. Hold! Let me stop the recording. And anyone who wants to hop off can hop off. But I just cause I this I'm about to get into like.
Danny Park: I'm really fascinated. Let me just stop this real quick.